Make deletion_policy field for Project resource `PREVENT` by default (#11255)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/guides/version_6_upgrade.html.markdown

resource blocks that contain both fields in a conflicting pair, and remove one of those fields.
The fields that are removed from the configuration will still have Computed values,
that are derived from the API.

## Resource: `google_project`

### Project deletion now prevented by default with `deletion_policy`

The field `skip_delete` is replaced with `deletion_policy`. The default value for `deletion_policy` is `PREVENT`, which stops Terraform from deleting or recreating your project. Setting this field to `ABANDON` allows the resource to be abandoned instead of deleted. To remove deletion protection entirely, explicitly set this field to `NONE` in your configuration and run `terraform apply`.
After upgrading to version `6.0.0`, the following changes apply:

> * For `google_project` resources without a `skip_delete` field, `terraform apply` will automatically set `deletion_policy` to `PREVENT`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For `google_project` resources without a `skip_delete` field, upgrading to version `6.0.0` will automatically set `deletion_policy` to `PREVENT`.
```

Author: Done.

resource blocks that contain both fields in a conflicting pair, and remove one of those fields.
The fields that are removed from the configuration will still have Computed values,
that are derived from the API.

## Resource: `google_project`

### Project deletion now prevented by default with `deletion_policy`

> The field `deletion_policy` has been added with a default value of `PREVENT`. This field prevents
> Terraform from destroying or recreating the project. In 6.0.0, existing projects will have 
> `deletion_policy` set to `PREVENT` during the next refresh unless otherwise set in configuration.
> 
> **`deletion_policy` does NOT prevent deletion outside of Terraform.**
> 
> Setting `deletion_policy` to `ABANDON` allows the resource to be abandoned rather than deleted. To disable any kind of deletion protection, explicitly set this field to `NONE` in configuration and then run `terraform apply` to apply the change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The field `skip_delete` is replaced with `deletion_policy`. The default value for `deletion_policy` is `PREVENT`, which stops Terraform from deleting or recreating your project. Setting this field to `ABANDON` allows the resource to be abandoned instead of deleted. To remove deletion protection entirely, explicitly set this field to `NONE` in your configuration and run `terraform apply`.
After upgrading to version `6.0.0`, the following changes apply:
* For `google_project` resources without a `skip_delete` field, `terraform apply` will automatically set `deletion_policy` to `PREVENT`.
* For `google_project` resources with `skip_delete` set to `false`, remove the `skip_delete` setting from your configuration. Then, running `terraform apply` will set `deletion_policy` to `PREVENT`.
* For `google_project` resources with `skip_delete` set to `true`,  replace `skip_delete = true` with `deletion_policy = “ABANDON”` in  the configuration. Then, running `terraform apply` will set `deletion_policy` to `ABANDON`.
```

### Resource: `google_identity_platform_project_default_config` is now removed

`google_identity_platform_project_default_config` is removed in favor of `google_identity_platform_project_config`

## Resource: `google_project`

### Project deletion now prevented by default with `deletion_policy`

> The field `skip_delete` is deprecated and the default value for `deletion_policy` is now `PREVENT` instead of `DELETE`. The `PREVENT` value for `deletion_policy` stops Terraform from deleting or recreating your project. Setting this field to `ABANDON` allows the resource to be abandoned instead of deleted. To remove deletion protection entirely, explicitly set this field to `DELETE` in your configuration and run `terraform apply`.

Reviewer: ```
The field `skip_delete` is deprecated and the default value for `deletion_policy` is now `PREVENT`
instead of `DELETE`. The `PREVENT` value for `deletion_policy` stops Terraform from deleting or
recreating your project. Setting this field to `ABANDON` allows the resource to be abandoned instead
of deleted. To remove deletion protection entirely, explicitly set this field to `DELETE` in your
configuration and run `terraform apply`. A `skip_delete` value of `false` can be changed to a
`deletion_policy` value of `DELETE` and a `skip_delete` value of `true` to a `deletion_policy` value
of `ABANDON` for equivalent behavior.
```

> The field `skip_delete` is deprecated and the default value for `deletion_policy` is now `PREVENT` instead of `DELETE`. The `PREVENT` value for `deletion_policy` stops Terraform from deleting or recreating your project. Setting this field to `ABANDON` allows the resource to be abandoned instead of deleted. To remove deletion protection entirely, explicitly set this field to `DELETE` in your configuration and run `terraform apply`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The field `skip_delete` is deprecated and the default value for `deletion_policy` is now
`PREVENT` instead of `DELETE`. The `PREVENT` value for `deletion_policy` stops Terraform
from deleting or recreating your project. Setting this field to `ABANDON` allows the
resource to be abandoned instead of deleted. To remove deletion protection entirely,
explicitly set this field to `DELETE` in your configuration and run `terraform apply`. A
`skip_delete` value of `false` can be changed to a `deletion_policy` value of `DELETE` and
a `skip_delete` value of `true` to a `deletion_policy` value of `ABANDON` for equivalent
behavior.
```
